Examining the Exploit
In this example, we will again target
Sync Breeze Enterprise
10.0.28, but we will focus
on a different exploit.
This will provide us with another working
exploit for our target environment
and allow us to walk through
the modification process.
Searching by product and version,
we notice that there are two available
exploits for this particular vulnerability
one of which is coded in C:
Since we’re already familiar with
how the vulnerability works
and how it is exploited,
this is a good opportunity to see the
differences between scripting languages
and a compiled language,
without the added complexity of
unraveling a new vulnerability.
While there are plenty of differences
between the two languages,
we will focus on two main differences
that will affect us,
including memory management
and string operations.
The first key difference is that
scripting languages are executed
through an interpreter
and not compiled to create
a stand-alone executable.
Because scripting languages
require an interpreter,
this means that we can’t
run a Python script
in an environment where
Python is not installed.
This could limit us in the field,
especially if we need a stand-alone
exploit that must run
in an environment that doesn’t
have Python pre-installed.
An additional difference between the
two languages is that
in a scripting language such as Python,
concatenating a string is very easy
and usually takes the form of an
addition between two strings:
As discussed later in this module,
concatenating strings in this way
is not allowed in a programming
language such as C.
To begin the process of
modifying our exploit,
we will move the target exploit to our
current working directory
by using Searchsploit’s
handy -m mirror option:
Now that the exploit is mirrored
to our home directory,
we can inspect it to determine
what modifications, if any,
are required to compile the exploit and
make it work in our target environment.
However, before even
considering compilation,
we notice that the headers,
such as winsock2.h,
indicate that this code was meant
to be compiled on Windows:
Although we could attempt to
compile this on Windows,
we will instead cross-compile
this exploit on Kali.